One of the questions asked during
the break was what happens to
the actual opcode that we're using.
So in this case, I 32 multiplier.
So all opcodes inherently when
they perform the operation,
push the value onto the stack.
Actually, let's pull this up in web
assembly studio switch over here.
What's in this case it's an add function,
that's fine.
So get local it's pushing that
left hand side operator OR
operator zero onto the stack.
Get local.
The next one is pushing the next
parameter onto the stack.
I 32 ad is going to pop
both values off the stack.
Add them together, and then return that.
And by return, I mean it pushes
that value onto the stack.
So now, inherently if we return and
when we return,
it's just gonna return whatever
the value on the stack is.
But if we wanted to continue to
do operations on in this module,
We can say I32, we'll say const 1,
so we'll add 1.
And then I can say I32 add.
And this is where it gets a little tricky
once you get more complex because you have
to remember that even though
there's no variable here,
you don't see an explicit equals or
anything like that.
There is a number on the stack already.
And add is gonna take both numbers.
So here's the number on a stack.
Here's the next number on a stack.
So this is gonna add the two numbers
together and then add plus 1.
In the next section, we'll see why
we don't write web assembly by hand,
because reasoning about
this is really complicated,
because mentally you have
to keep track of okay.
This operation puts
the number into the stack.
Okay, so that's that number and then we
take this number, and then that takes
two operands to perform the operation on,
and then it gets really confusing.
That's why all the examples we're
doing today are very simple so
we don't have to go too far down that
rabbit hole, but I'm glad you asked.
Okay.
What was the example I said, minus one.
All right, so how did everybody do,
did you create a minus one function?
And I'm cheating here, I already created
it, I embedded the web assembly.
So your function should
look something like this.
Again the export,
it can be at the top or the bottom.
By convention, a lot of exports are at the
top just because it makes it easy when you
look at a file to see
what's being exported.
That's just generally how it goes or
the convention, but
you can do whatever you want.
You can name it minus one, which I did.
I call the parameter x.
So I'm just getting That parameter,
I'm getting local.
I can also say get local zero,
it'll do the same thing cuz it's
getting that first parameter.
But again, I like to name things cuz
it makes it easy to reason about.
So we're pushing this
number into the stack.
We're declaring a number one, and
then we're pushing that onto the stack and
then we're subtracting the number.
And then because the function will
always return whatever's on the stack.
This is implied the return
is implied at this point.
So if I run this I build it.
The bill.
Yes, it builds.
I run it.
It returns a two because
I passed in a three